#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
altair==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
build==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.88.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
filelock==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
gradio==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
markdown-it-py[linkify,plugins]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
multidict==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numpy==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
orjson==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
starlette==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pep517
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
